{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thank you for providing additional information. Based on your description:\
\
1. This app is intended for public use and serves a general purpose of converting values into the given options. It is not restricted to users from a single company, including partners, employees, or contractors.\
\
2. The app is not designed for use by a limited or specific group of companies. There are no specific companies that use this app, and any company or individual can utilize it.\
\
3. The features in the app are intended for use by the general public. The app's primary function is to provide value conversion options for anyone who downloads and uses it.\
\
4. Users do not need to obtain an account to use the app. It is designed for immediate and open access without requiring user accounts.\
\
5. There is no paid content within the app. Users do not need to pay for opening an account or using any features in the app. The app is entirely free for public use.\
\
It appears that this app is meant for widespread use and accessibility by the general public without any specific access restrictions or payment requirements.}